feat: :sparkles: set up extension (#2)
onlimit-study/onlimit-theme: README.md

> # onlimit-theme format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Quarto extension for ON-LiMiT website theming
```

This repository contains a Quarto extension with style files used across
ON-LiMiT websites.

## Installing

To use this format, you need to install the extension in your
repository. You can do this by running the following command in the
terminal from your project directory:

``` bash

> quarto use template on-limit/onlimit-theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
quarto add on-limit/onlimit-theme
```

We'll use this repo as only the theme, not as a template.

```

> This will install the extension and create an example index file,
> `index.qmd` that you can use as a starting place for your repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will install the extension by adding a `_extensions/` folder to the repository.
```

## Using

To use the ON-LiMiT theme, add following lines to your `_quarto.yml`
file:

``` yaml

> format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project:
  type: onlimit-theme

format:
```

Need to set the project to also use the extension.
